files for odp suport (#900)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/overview/proc_editing-the-code-of-applications-running-in-openshift-container-platform-using-che.adoc

// accessing-che-from-openshift-developer-perspective

[id="editing-the-code-of-applications-running-in-openshift-container-platform-using-che_{context}"]
= Editing the code of applications running in OpenShift Container Platform using Che

> Starting with OpenShift Container Platform 4.2, a user can edit various applications using Che.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to start editing the source code of applications running on OpenShift using Che.
```

.Prerequisites

> Che is deployed on the same OpenShift Container Platform version 4.2 cluster or later

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* Che is deployed on the same OpenShift 4.2 cluster or later
```

* An existing workspace in Che

.Procedure

> . Navigate to *Topology*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open the *Topology* view to list all projects.
```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The list of all projects is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> . In the `Select an Application` search field, type `workspace`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Select an Application* search field, type `workspace` to list all workspaces.
```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The list of all workspaces is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> . Click on the workspace to edit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the workspace to edit.
```

+

> The deployments are displayed as graphical circles surrounded by circular buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deployments are displayed as graphical circles surrounded by circular buttons. One of these buttons is *Edit Source Code*.
```

> One of these buttons is *Edit Source Code*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

+
image::installation/edit-source-code-button-che-odp.png[link="{imagesdir}/installation/edit-source-code-button-che-odp.png"]

> . To edit the code of specific microservices using Che, click the *Edit Source Code* button. This redirects you into a workspace with cloned application component source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To edit the code of an application using Che, click the *Edit Source Code* button. This redirects to a workspace with the cloned source code of the application component.
```
